W-19473121-hsa-component-partial-kt (#322)
mulesoft/docs-hosting: hybrid-standalone/modules/ROOT/pages/creating-servers-groups.adoc

= Creating Server Groups

> Creating server groups allows you to organize your hybrid standalone servers for easier management and deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create server groups to organize your hybrid standalone servers for easier management and deployment.
```

== Before You Begin

Before creating server groups, ensure that you have:

* At least one hybrid standalone server configured
* Appropriate permissions to create and manage server groups
* Access to Runtime Manager

Additionally, review these requirements and limitations:

* All servers in a server group must be running the same versions of:
** Mule runtime engine
** Runtime Manager agent
**Java

* You can create a server group with servers with the `Running` or the `Disconnected` status, but these can’t be in the same group as servers with the `Created` status.

* You can create a server group with servers with the `Created` status.

* To add a server on which existing applications are currently running to a server group, first stop and delete the applications from the server.

== Create a Server Group

When creating a server group, you can either:

* Add the servers to Runtime Manager first and then create the server group.
* Create the group and add servers to it later.

To create a server group:

. From Anypoint Platform, select *Runtime Manager*.
. Select *Servers*.
. Click *Create Group*.
. In the *Create Server Group* page, enter the name for the server group.
+

> Group names can contain between 3-40 alphanumeric characters (a-z, A-Z, 0-9) and hyphens (-). They cannot start or end with a hyphen and cannot contain spaces or other characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Group names can contain between 3-40 alphanumeric characters (a-z, A-Z, 0-9) and hyphens (-). They can't start or end with a hyphen, and they can't contain spaces or other characters.
```
